Clarify recent changes to enrich latency metrics (#1412)
snowplow/documentation: docs/api-reference/enrichment-components/upgrade-guides/6-0-x-upgrade-guide/index.md

* `e2e_latency_millis`: Same value as the `latency` metric, for transition. The goal is to remove `latency` metric so that the naming is consistent across applications

* `latency_millis`: Delay between the input record getting written to the stream and Enrich starting to process it

> Furthermore, the old `latency` metric has changed subtly: it now represents the maximum latency over the reporting period, whereas before it represented latency for the most recently processed event only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, the old `latency` metric has changed subtly. Before, it represented the latency of the most recently processed event. Now it refers to the _maximum latency of all events_ since the previous metric was emitted.
```
